Elevator pitch?
We design and develop highly secure and fast electronic exam software run on both the internet and the intranet consisting of networked computers attached to
a server and database.

Deteiled Description?
A highly secured Computer Based Test (CBT) software that runs on a browser connected to the internet (Hosted by a Web Host) or a local intranet consisting of two or more 
computers networked together. The software lets teachers and lecturers in educational institutions submit questions to the server, which are to be answered and instantly graded 
by the system. It changes the conventional way of conducting examinations in these instituitions as the Paper Pencil Test is gradually replaced by the Computer Based Test. 
Computers where this software sits will also be networked by our team of certified CISCO associates.


Problem Solved?
(i) Expiditing examination result Collation Process.
(ii) System will increase computer literacy as it familiarises students with the use of computers.
(iii) Cost of printing exam papers and objective scripts is reduced to the barest minimum
(iv) Impersonation is highly impossible as the use of biometrics authentication is employed in identifying students eligible to sit for an exam.

Addressable Market? 
The market for the software is as big as it can get. Civiliztion is hinged on education and so long as educational instituitions where exams are conducted exists, these 
institutions will serve as target markets for our product and services.

Revenue Model?


Marketting Strategy?
(i) Introduce features that no one else has in the field.
 (ii) publicizing and advertising our service
(iii) gathering and processing user information

Competitors?


Differentiating Factors?
Most of the existing businesses in our field, as well reasearched, adopt obselete and deprecated methods of software and hardware design. We are committed to not only providing highly efficient Computer Based Test Softwares but also to ensuring
they are ones based on up-to-date and impenetrable design and development patterns. Security and effciency are our strong points. 

Current Milestone?
We have 5 secondary schools where make use of our product and services. They are also contracted to us for their Computer Based Test software maintenance and management issues.

Next Milestone?
Double the number of schools we are contacted to by the end of the year 2017 and also establish a Computer Test 
Centre where all kinds of internal and external exams will be conducted.

About Me?
She enjoys volunteering and wishes to devote her whole life to adding impact to her society and the world at large.

Leadership skills?
I am able to bring drive, optimism and ethusiasm to my team. This has helped me get the best out everyone i have worked with. 
I am a highly creative and innovative person.
I have a strong analytical and problem solving skills.


Personal Achievement?
I worked in the marketing department of..... as a sales representative, where I handled the following activities:
Marketing company product and services. I was also partially involved in handling business deals and negotiations.
In the course of my two-year stay at the company, we realized tangible increase in customers and revenue.   


About me: 
I am dedicated, self-motivated person who takes up responsibilities with utmost enthusiasm. 
I come from a Yoruba family and was born in Akure, Ondo state. 
I have a logically driven approach towards problem solving. I embrace challenges as i see them as an opportunity for growth and 
I am excellent in working with others to achieve a certain objective on time and with excellence. 
I am a voracious reader as i actively seek knowledge from people of ample experience, who have come before me. 
I posses an excellent ability to motivate others, coupled with the ability to communicate comfortably at all levels, 
therefore ensuring an excellent working environment for all members of the team to perform at their bests.




Leadership skills and experience:

I am a dynamic team leader. I'm able to bring energy, enthusiasm and efficacy to my team. 

I have been involved in management of a real-estate company. My creativity ensures i provide effective and quick solutions to real world problems. 
In addition to a high sense of responsibility, 
I have learned to work not only effectively with people under me but also to bring out the best in them. 
I am able to communicate effectively, clearly and succinctly to my team on how to reach organizational goals and perform specific tasks.




Personal Achievement:

While working with S.T Oni Real estate as a Manager, I handled the following activities: 
recruiting potential tenants for occupancy, placing adverts targeted at potential-occupants, overseeing financial activities,

managing agreements between occupants and the management, and other professional errands. With relentless effort, 
I was able to take the company to immeasurable heights and we have enjoyed tremendous success over the years. 
